# Artificial Intelligence Projects

- [Autoencoders](/Autoencoders.ipynb): In this notebook, we train two Autoencoders: 1) to Reconstruct Fashion MNIST images 2) to detect Anomalies in the ECG500 Dataset.
- [Cartpole Environment Steps vs Environments Reward Evaluation](/Cartpole_StepsEpisodes.ipynb): In this notebook, we simulate the Cartpole Environment and compare the total reward accumulated by an Agent per Step and Episode.
- [Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon](/BFS_DFS.ipynb): In this notebook, we find the distance between two nodes in a graph using Breadth First Search and Depth First Search.
- [Gaming Agent & Negamax](/Negamax_IterativeDeepening.ipynb): In this notebook, we implement a Tic-Tac-Toe game with one human player. We train an AI agent using Negamax, and then we solve the game using Depth First Search & Iterative Deepening and compare the solutions. 
- [Multi Armed Bandits](/MultiArmedBandit.ipynb): In this notebook, we create a Custom Environment that inherits the Multi Armed Bandit Environment and initialize its Observation Space, Action Space, Reward Structure, and Policy.
- [Epsilon Greedy & Upper Confidence Bound](/EpsGreedy_UCB.ipynb): In this notebook, we optimize the Ad Placement by applying the Epsilon Greedy and Upper Confidence Bound approaches on the Click-Through-Rate data.
- [LinUCB, Thompson Sampling, & Neural Epsilon Greedy](/LinUCB_LinTS_NeurEpsGreedy.ipynb): In this notebook, we generate Movie Recommendations by applying the LinUCB, Thompson Sampling, & Neural Epsilon Greedy approaches on the MovieLens dataset and analyzing the ratings given by users to different movies.
- [Markov Decision Process & Dynamic Programming](/PolicyValue_Iteration.ipynb): In this notebook, we compare the policies generated by the Policy Iteration and Value Iteration on the Frozen Lake Environment.
- [Monte Carlo Methods](/MonteCarlo_ExploringStarts_ESoft.ipynb): In this notebook, we compare the performances of the Monte Carlo Exploring Starts and Monte Carlo Epsilon Soft policies on the Cliff Walking Environment.
